Core v2 docs update (#819)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/gameobject/sending-receiving-commands.md

  * `CubeSpawner.SpawnCube.ReceivedRequest`
  * `CubeSpawner.SpawnCube.Response`
  * `CubeSpawner.SpawnCube.ReceivedResponse`
  * `CubeSpawnerReader`
  * `CubeSpawnerWriter`
  * `CubeSpawnerCommandSender`
  * `CubeSpawnerCommandReceiver`

#### How to send command requests

> The following code snippet provides an examples on how to send a command request and register a callback for the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet provides an example on how to send a command request and register a callback for the response.
```

> For an example of how to create an entity, you can look at the [how to create and delete entities]({{urlRoot}}/content/gameobject/create-delete-spatialos-entities) document.

### API

#### CommandSender

> The `CommandSender` is used to send command requests, it provides two method per command it is responsible for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CommandSender` is used to send command requests, it provides two methods per command. They are responsible for:
```
